[notation] Change default levels for easier factorization of prefixes (#19149)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/03-notations/19149-existing_level.rst

- **Added:**

>   :n:`at existing level`, this :n:`@syntax_modifier`
>   helps :ref:`factorize notations <NotationFactorization>`
>   with common prefixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :n:`"at existing level"` option to :n:`@syntax_modifier`
  to help :ref:`factorize notations <NotationFactorization>`
  with common prefixes.  This is used in the :cmd:`Notation`, :cmd:`Reserved Infix'
  and :cmd:`Reserved Notation` commands
```

Author: This is technically true but the formers are only derivatives of the latter. Let's only point to `Reserved Notation` which seems to contain the most appropriate material in the refman in our case.

- **Added:**

>   :n:`at existing level`, this :n:`@syntax_modifier`
>   helps :ref:`factorize notations <NotationFactorization>`
>   with common prefixes. This is used in the
>   :cmd:`Reserved Notation` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :n:`"at existing level"` option to :n:`@syntax_modifier`
  to help :ref:`factorize notations <NotationFactorization>`
    with common prefixes. This is used in the
  :cmd:`Reserved Notation` and other commands
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, unfortunately outdated now that Guillaume suggestions greatly simplifies everything.
